doc/std/naming.md, before:

# Standard library naming conventions

The easiest way to access a result in the standard library is to correctly guess the name of the declaration (possibly with the help of identifier autocompletion). This is faster and has lower friction than more sophisticated search tools, so easily guessable names (which are still reasonably short) make Lean users more productive.

The guide that follows contains very few hard rules, many heuristics and a selection of examples. It cannot and does not present a deterministic algorithm for choosing good names in all situations. It is intended as a living document that gets clarified and expanded as situations arise during code reviews for the standard library. If applying one of the suggestions in this guide leads to nonsensical results in a certain situation, it is
probably safe to ignore the suggestion (or even better, suggest a way to improve the suggestion).

## Prelude

Identifiers use a mix of `UpperCamelCase`, `lowerCamelCase` and `snake_case`, used for types, data, and theorems, respectively.

Structure fields should be named such that the projections have the correct names.

## Naming convention for types

When defining a type, i.e., a (possibly 0-ary) function whose codomain is Sort u for some u, it should be named in UpperCamelCase. Examples include `List`, and `List.IsPrefix`.

When defining a predicate, prefix the name by `Is`, like in `List.IsPrefix`. The `Is` prefix may be omitted if
* the resulting name would be ungrammatical, or
* the predicate depends on additional data in a way where the `Is` prefix would be confusing (like `List.Pairwise`), or
* the name is an adjective (like `Std.Time.Month.Ordinal.Valid`)

## Namespaces and generalized projection notation

Almost always, definitions and theorems relating to a type should be placed in a namespace with the same name as the type. For example, operations and theorems about lists should be placed in the `List` namespace, and operations and theorems about `Std.Time.PlainDate` should be placed in the `Std.Time.PlainDate` namespace.

Declarations in the root namespace will be relatively rare. The most common type of declaration in the root namespace are declarations about data and properties exported by notation type classes, as long as they are not about a specific type implementing that type class. For example, we have

```lean
theorem beq_iff_eq [BEq α] [LawfulBEq α] {a b : α} : a == b ↔ a = b := sorry
```

in the root namespace, but

```lean
theorem List.cons_beq_cons [BEq α] {a b : α} {l₁ l₂ : List α} :
    (a :: l₁ == b :: l₂) = (a == b && l₁ == l₂) := rfl
```

belongs in the `List` namespace.

Subtleties arise when multiple namespaces are in play. Generally, place your theorem in the most specific namespace that appears in one of the hypotheses of the theorem. The following names are both correct according to this convention:

```lean
theorem List.Sublist.reverse : l₁ <+ l₂ → l₁.reverse <+ l₂.reverse := sorry
theorem List.reverse_sublist : l₁.reverse <+ l₂.reverse ↔ l₁ <+ l₂ := sorry
```

Notice that the second theorem does not have a hypothesis of type `List.Sublist l` for some `l`, so the name `List.Sublist.reverse_iff` would be incorrect.

The advantage of placing results in a namespace like `List.Sublist` is that it enables generalized projection notation, i.e., given `h : l₁ <+ l₂`,
one can write `h.reverse` to obtain a proof of `l₁.reverse <+ l₂.reverse`. Thinking about which dot notations are convenient can act as a guideline
for deciding where to place a theorem, and is, on occasion, a good reason to duplicate a theorem into multiple namespaces.

### The `Std` namespace

New types that are added will usually be placed in the `Std` namespace and in the `Std/` source directory, unless there are good reasons to place
them elsewhere.

Inside the  `Std`, all internal declarations should be `private` or else have a name component that clearly marks them as internal, preferably
`Internal`.


## Naming convention for data

When defining data, i.e., a (possibly 0-ary) function whose codomain is not Sort u, but has type Type u for some u, it should be named in lowerCamelCase. Examples include List.append and List.isPrefixOf.
If your data is morally fully specified by its type, then use the naming procedure for theorems described below and convert the result to lower camel case.

If your function returns an `Option`, consider adding `?` as a suffix. If your function may panic, consider adding `!` as a suffix. In many cases, there will be multiple variants of a function; one returning an option, one that may panic and possibly one that takes a proof argument.

## Naming algorithm for theorems and some definitions

There is, in principle, a general algorithm for naming a theorem. The problem with this algorithm is that it produces very long and unwieldy names which need to be shortened. So choosing a name for a declaration can be thought of as consisting of a mechanical part and a creative part.

Usually the first part is to decide which namespace the result should live in, according to the guidelines described above.

Next, consider the type of your declaration as a tree. Inner nodes of this tree are function types or function applications. Leaves of the tree are 0-ary functions or bound variables.

As an example, consider the following result from the standard library:

```lean
example {α : Type u} {β : Type v} [BEq α] [Hashable α] [EquivBEq α] [LawfulHashable α]
    [Inhabited β] {m : Std.HashMap α β} {a : α} {h' : a ∈ m} : m[a]? = some (m[a]'h') :=
  sorry
```

The correct namespace is clearly `Std.HashMap`. The corresponding tree looks like this:

![](naming-tree.svg)

The preferred spelling of a notation can be looked up by hovering over the notation.

Now traverse the tree and build a name according to the following rules:

* When encountering a function type, first turn the result type into a name, then all of the argument types from left to right, and join the names using `_of_`.
* When encountering a function that is neither an infix notation nor a structure projection, first put the function name and then the arguments, joined by an underscore.
* When encountering an infix notation, join the arguments using the name of the notation, separated by underscores.
* When encountering a structure projection, proceed as for normal functions, but put the name of the projection last.
* When encountering a name, put it in lower camel case.
* Skip bound variables and proofs.
* Type class arguments are also generally skipped.

When encountering namespaces names, concatenate them in lower camel case.

Applying this algorithm to our example yields the name `Std.HashMap.getElem?_eq_optionSome_getElem_of_mem`.

From there, the name should be shortened, using the following heuristics:

* The namespace of functions can be omitted if it is clear from context or if the namespace is the current one. This is almost always the case.
* For infix operators, it is possible to leave out the RHS or the name of the notation and the RHS if they are clear from context.
* Hypotheses can be left out if it is clear that they are required or if they appear in the conclusion.

Based on this, here are some possible names for our example:

1. `Std.HashMap.getElem?_eq`
2. `Std.HashMap.getElem?_eq_of_mem`
3. `Std.HashMap.getElem?_eq_some`
4. `Std.HashMap.getElem?_eq_some_of_mem`
5. `Std.HashMap.getElem?_eq_some_getElem`
6. `Std.Hashmap.getElem?_eq_some_getElem_of_mem`

Choosing a good name among these then requires considering the context of the lemma. In this case it turns out that the first four options are underspecified as there is also a lemma relating `m[a]?` and `m[a]!` which could have the same name. This leaves the last two options, the first of which is shorter, and this is how the lemma is called in the Lean standard library.

Here are some additional examples:

```lean
example {x y : List α} (h : x <+: y) (hx : x ≠ []) :
  x.head hx = y.head (h.ne_nil hx) := sorry
```

Since we have an `IsPrefix` parameter, this should live in the `List.IsPrefix` namespace, and the algorithm suggests `List.IsPrefix.head_eq_head_of_ne_nil`, which is shortened to `List.IsPrefix.head`. Note here the difference between the namespace name (`IsPrefix`) and the recommended spelling of the corresponding notation (`prefix`).

```lean
example : l₁ <+: l₂ → reverse l₁ <:+ reverse l₂ := sorry
```

Again, this result should be in the `List.IsPrefix` namespace; the algorithm suggests `List.IsPrefix.reverse_prefix_reverse`, which becomes `List.IsPrefix.reverse`.

The following examples show how the traversal order often matters.

```lean
theorem Nat.mul_zero (n : Nat) : n * 0 = 0 := sorry
theorem Nat.zero_mul (n : Nat) : 0 * n = 0 := sorry
```

Here we see that one name may be a prefix of another name:

```lean
theorem Int.mul_ne_zero {a b : Int} (a0 : a ≠ 0) (b0 : b ≠ 0) : a * b ≠ 0 := sorry
theorem Int.mul_ne_zero_iff {a b : Int} : a * b ≠ 0 ↔ a ≠ 0 ∧ b ≠ 0 := sorry
```

It is usually a good idea to include the `iff` in a theorem name even if the name would still be unique without the name. For example,

```lean
theorem List.head?_eq_none_iff : l.head? = none ↔ l = [] := sorry
```

is a good name: if the lemma was simply called `List.head?_eq_none`, users might try to `apply` it when the goal is `l.head? = none`, leading
to confusion.

The more common you expect (or want) a theorem to be, the shorter you should try to make the name. For example, we have both

```lean
theorem Std.HashMap.getElem?_eq_none_of_contains_eq_false {a : α} : m.contains a = false → m[a]? = none := sorry
theorem Std.HashMap.getElem?_eq_none {a : α} : ¬a ∈ m → m[a]? = none := sorry
```

As users of the hash map are encouraged to use ∈ rather than contains, the second lemma gets the shorter name.

## Special cases

There are certain special “keywords” that may appear in identifiers.

| Keyword | Meaning | Example |
| :---- | :---- | :---- |
| `def` | Unfold a definition. Avoid this for public APIs. | `Nat.max_def` |
| `refl` | Theorems of the form `a R a`, where R is a reflexive relation and `a` is an explicit parameter | `Nat.le_refl` |
| `rfl` | Like `refl`, but with `a` implicit | `Nat.le_rfl` |
| `irrefl` | Theorems of the form `¬a R a`, where R is an irreflexive relation | `Nat.lt_irrefl` |
| `symm` | Theorems of the form `a R b → b R a`, where R is a symmetric relation (compare `comm` below) | `Eq.symm` |
| `trans` | Theorems of the form `a R b → b R c → a R c`, where R is a transitive relation (R may carry data) | `Eq.trans` |
| `antisymmm` | Theorems of the form `a R b → b R a → a = b`, where R is an antisymmetric relation | `Nat.le_antisymm` |
| `congr` | Theorems of the form `a R b → f a S f b`, where R and S are usually equivalence relations | `Std.HashMap.mem_congr` |
| `comm` | Theorems of the form `f a b = f b a` (compare `symm` above) | `Eq.comm`, `Nat.add_comm` |
| `assoc` | Theorems of the form `g (f a b) c = f a (g b c)` (note the order! In most cases, we have f = g) | `Nat.add_sub_assoc` |
| `distrib` | Theorems of the form `f (g a b) = g (f a) (f b)` | `Nat.add_left_distrib` |
| `self` | May be used if a variable appears multiple times in the conclusion | `List.mem_cons_self` |
| `inj` | Theorems of the form `f a = f b ↔ a = b`. | `Int.neg_inj`, `Nat.add_left_inj` |
| `cancel` | Theorems which have one of the forms `f a = f b →a = b` or `g (f a) = a`, where `f` and `g` usually involve a binary operator | `Nat.add_sub_cancel` |
| `cancel_iff` | Same as `inj`, but with different conventions for left and right (see below) | `Nat.add_right_cancel_iff` |

## Left and right

The keywords left and right are useful to disambiguate symmetric variants of theorems.

```lean
theorem imp_congr_left (h : a ↔ b) : (a → c) ↔ (b → c) := sorry
theorem imp_congr_right (h : a → (b ↔ c)) : (a → b) ↔ (a → c) := sorry
```

It is not always obvious which version of a theorem should be “left” and which should be “right”.
Heuristically, the theorem should name the side which is “more variable”, but there are exceptions. For some of the special keywords discussed in this section, there are conventions which should be followed, as laid out in the following examples:

```lean
theorem Nat.left_distrib (n m k : Nat) : n * (m + k) = n * m + n * k := sorry
theorem Nat.right_distrib (n m k : Nat) : (n + m) * k = n * k + m * k := sorry
theorem Nat.add_left_cancel {n m k : Nat} : n + m = n + k → m = k := sorry
theorem Nat.add_right_cancel {n m k : Nat} : n + m = k + m → n = k := sorry
theorem Nat.add_left_cancel_iff {m k n : Nat} : n + m = n + k ↔ m = k := sorry
theorem Nat.add_right_cancel_iff {m k n : Nat} : m + n = k + n ↔ m = k := sorry
theorem Nat.add_left_inj {m k n : Nat} : m + n = k + n ↔ m = k := sorry
theorem Nat.add_right_inj {m k n : Nat} : n + m = n + k ↔ m = k := sorry
```

Note in particular that the convention is opposite for `cancel_iff` and `inj`.

```lean
theorem Nat.add_sub_self_left (a b : Nat) : (a + b) - a = b := sorry
theorem Nat.add_sub_self_right (a b : Nat) : (a + b) - b = a := sorry
theorem Nat.add_sub_cancel (n m : Nat) : (n + m) - m = n := sorry
```

## Acronyms

For acronyms which are three letters or shorter, all letters should use the same case as dictated by the convention. For example, `IO` is a correct name for a type and the name `IO.Ref` may become `IORef` when used as part of a definition name and `ioRef` when used as part of a theorem name.

For acronyms which are at least four letters long, switch to lower case starting from the second letter. For example, `Json` is a correct name for a type, as is `JsonRPC`.

If an acronym is typically spelled using mixed case, this mixed spelling may be used in identifiers (for example `Std.Net.IPv4Addr`).

Commit message:

doc: misc. style guide and naming scheme additions (#7026)
This PR clarifies the styling of `do` blocks, and enhanes the naming
conventions with information about the `ext` and `mono` name components
as well as advice about primed names and naming of simp sets.

doc/std/naming.md, after:

# Standard library naming conventions

The easiest way to access a result in the standard library is to correctly guess the name of the declaration (possibly with the help of identifier autocompletion). This is faster and has lower friction than more sophisticated search tools, so easily guessable names (which are still reasonably short) make Lean users more productive.

The guide that follows contains very few hard rules, many heuristics and a selection of examples. It cannot and does not present a deterministic algorithm for choosing good names in all situations. It is intended as a living document that gets clarified and expanded as situations arise during code reviews for the standard library. If applying one of the suggestions in this guide leads to nonsensical results in a certain situation, it is
probably safe to ignore the suggestion (or even better, suggest a way to improve the suggestion).

## Prelude

Identifiers use a mix of `UpperCamelCase`, `lowerCamelCase` and `snake_case`, used for types, data, and theorems, respectively.

Structure fields should be named such that the projections have the correct names.

## Naming convention for types

When defining a type, i.e., a (possibly 0-ary) function whose codomain is Sort u for some u, it should be named in UpperCamelCase. Examples include `List`, and `List.IsPrefix`.

When defining a predicate, prefix the name by `Is`, like in `List.IsPrefix`. The `Is` prefix may be omitted if
* the resulting name would be ungrammatical, or
* the predicate depends on additional data in a way where the `Is` prefix would be confusing (like `List.Pairwise`), or
* the name is an adjective (like `Std.Time.Month.Ordinal.Valid`)

## Namespaces and generalized projection notation

Almost always, definitions and theorems relating to a type should be placed in a namespace with the same name as the type. For example, operations and theorems about lists should be placed in the `List` namespace, and operations and theorems about `Std.Time.PlainDate` should be placed in the `Std.Time.PlainDate` namespace.

Declarations in the root namespace will be relatively rare. The most common type of declaration in the root namespace are declarations about data and properties exported by notation type classes, as long as they are not about a specific type implementing that type class. For example, we have

```lean
theorem beq_iff_eq [BEq α] [LawfulBEq α] {a b : α} : a == b ↔ a = b := sorry
```

in the root namespace, but

```lean
theorem List.cons_beq_cons [BEq α] {a b : α} {l₁ l₂ : List α} :
    (a :: l₁ == b :: l₂) = (a == b && l₁ == l₂) := rfl
```

belongs in the `List` namespace.

Subtleties arise when multiple namespaces are in play. Generally, place your theorem in the most specific namespace that appears in one of the hypotheses of the theorem. The following names are both correct according to this convention:

```lean
theorem List.Sublist.reverse : l₁ <+ l₂ → l₁.reverse <+ l₂.reverse := sorry
theorem List.reverse_sublist : l₁.reverse <+ l₂.reverse ↔ l₁ <+ l₂ := sorry
```

Notice that the second theorem does not have a hypothesis of type `List.Sublist l` for some `l`, so the name `List.Sublist.reverse_iff` would be incorrect.

The advantage of placing results in a namespace like `List.Sublist` is that it enables generalized projection notation, i.e., given `h : l₁ <+ l₂`,
one can write `h.reverse` to obtain a proof of `l₁.reverse <+ l₂.reverse`. Thinking about which dot notations are convenient can act as a guideline
for deciding where to place a theorem, and is, on occasion, a good reason to duplicate a theorem into multiple namespaces.

### The `Std` namespace

New types that are added will usually be placed in the `Std` namespace and in the `Std/` source directory, unless there are good reasons to place
them elsewhere.

Inside the `Std` namespace, all internal declarations should be `private` or else have a name component that clearly marks them as internal, preferably
`Internal`.


## Naming convention for data

When defining data, i.e., a (possibly 0-ary) function whose codomain is not Sort u, but has type Type u for some u, it should be named in lowerCamelCase. Examples include `List.append` and `List.isPrefixOf`.
If your data is morally fully specified by its type, then use the naming procedure for theorems described below and convert the result to lower camel case.

If your function returns an `Option`, consider adding `?` as a suffix. If your function may panic, consider adding `!` as a suffix. In many cases, there will be multiple variants of a function; one returning an option, one that may panic and possibly one that takes a proof argument.

## Naming algorithm for theorems and some definitions

There is, in principle, a general algorithm for naming a theorem. The problem with this algorithm is that it produces very long and unwieldy names which need to be shortened. So choosing a name for a declaration can be thought of as consisting of a mechanical part and a creative part.

Usually the first part is to decide which namespace the result should live in, according to the guidelines described above.

Next, consider the type of your declaration as a tree. Inner nodes of this tree are function types or function applications. Leaves of the tree are 0-ary functions or bound variables.

As an example, consider the following result from the standard library:

```lean
example {α : Type u} {β : Type v} [BEq α] [Hashable α] [EquivBEq α] [LawfulHashable α]
    [Inhabited β] {m : Std.HashMap α β} {a : α} {h' : a ∈ m} : m[a]? = some (m[a]'h') :=
  sorry
```

The correct namespace is clearly `Std.HashMap`. The corresponding tree looks like this:

![](naming-tree.svg)

The preferred spelling of a notation can be looked up by hovering over the notation.

Now traverse the tree and build a name according to the following rules:

* When encountering a function type, first turn the result type into a name, then all of the argument types from left to right, and join the names using `_of_`.
* When encountering a function that is neither an infix notation nor a structure projection, first put the function name and then the arguments, joined by an underscore.
* When encountering an infix notation, join the arguments using the name of the notation, separated by underscores.
* When encountering a structure projection, proceed as for normal functions, but put the name of the projection last.
* When encountering a name, put it in lower camel case.
* Skip bound variables and proofs.
* Type class arguments are also generally skipped.

When encountering namespaces names, concatenate them in lower camel case.

Applying this algorithm to our example yields the name `Std.HashMap.getElem?_eq_optionSome_getElem_of_mem`.

From there, the name should be shortened, using the following heuristics:

* The namespace of functions can be omitted if it is clear from context or if the namespace is the current one. This is almost always the case.
* For infix operators, it is possible to leave out the RHS or the name of the notation and the RHS if they are clear from context.
* Hypotheses can be left out if it is clear that they are required or if they appear in the conclusion.

Based on this, here are some possible names for our example:

1. `Std.HashMap.getElem?_eq`
2. `Std.HashMap.getElem?_eq_of_mem`
3. `Std.HashMap.getElem?_eq_some`
4. `Std.HashMap.getElem?_eq_some_of_mem`
5. `Std.HashMap.getElem?_eq_some_getElem`
6. `Std.Hashmap.getElem?_eq_some_getElem_of_mem`

Choosing a good name among these then requires considering the context of the lemma. In this case it turns out that the first four options are underspecified as there is also a lemma relating `m[a]?` and `m[a]!` which could have the same name. This leaves the last two options, the first of which is shorter, and this is how the lemma is called in the Lean standard library.

Here are some additional examples:

```lean
example {x y : List α} (h : x <+: y) (hx : x ≠ []) :
  x.head hx = y.head (h.ne_nil hx) := sorry
```

Since we have an `IsPrefix` parameter, this should live in the `List.IsPrefix` namespace, and the algorithm suggests `List.IsPrefix.head_eq_head_of_ne_nil`, which is shortened to `List.IsPrefix.head`. Note here the difference between the namespace name (`IsPrefix`) and the recommended spelling of the corresponding notation (`prefix`).

```lean
example : l₁ <+: l₂ → reverse l₁ <:+ reverse l₂ := sorry
```

Again, this result should be in the `List.IsPrefix` namespace; the algorithm suggests `List.IsPrefix.reverse_prefix_reverse`, which becomes `List.IsPrefix.reverse`.

The following examples show how the traversal order often matters.

```lean
theorem Nat.mul_zero (n : Nat) : n * 0 = 0 := sorry
theorem Nat.zero_mul (n : Nat) : 0 * n = 0 := sorry
```

Here we see that one name may be a prefix of another name:

```lean
theorem Int.mul_ne_zero {a b : Int} (a0 : a ≠ 0) (b0 : b ≠ 0) : a * b ≠ 0 := sorry
theorem Int.mul_ne_zero_iff {a b : Int} : a * b ≠ 0 ↔ a ≠ 0 ∧ b ≠ 0 := sorry
```

It is usually a good idea to include the `iff` in a theorem name even if the name would still be unique without the name. For example,

```lean
theorem List.head?_eq_none_iff : l.head? = none ↔ l = [] := sorry
```

is a good name: if the lemma was simply called `List.head?_eq_none`, users might try to `apply` it when the goal is `l.head? = none`, leading
to confusion.

The more common you expect (or want) a theorem to be, the shorter you should try to make the name. For example, we have both

```lean
theorem Std.HashMap.getElem?_eq_none_of_contains_eq_false {a : α} : m.contains a = false → m[a]? = none := sorry
theorem Std.HashMap.getElem?_eq_none {a : α} : ¬a ∈ m → m[a]? = none := sorry
```

As users of the hash map are encouraged to use ∈ rather than contains, the second lemma gets the shorter name.

## Special cases

There are certain special “keywords” that may appear in identifiers.

| Keyword | Meaning | Example |
| :---- | :---- | :---- |
| `def` | Unfold a definition. Avoid this for public APIs. | `Nat.max_def` |
| `refl` | Theorems of the form `a R a`, where R is a reflexive relation and `a` is an explicit parameter | `Nat.le_refl` |
| `rfl` | Like `refl`, but with `a` implicit | `Nat.le_rfl` |
| `irrefl` | Theorems of the form `¬a R a`, where R is an irreflexive relation | `Nat.lt_irrefl` |
| `symm` | Theorems of the form `a R b → b R a`, where R is a symmetric relation (compare `comm` below) | `Eq.symm` |
| `trans` | Theorems of the form `a R b → b R c → a R c`, where R is a transitive relation (R may carry data) | `Eq.trans` |
| `antisymmm` | Theorems of the form `a R b → b R a → a = b`, where R is an antisymmetric relation | `Nat.le_antisymm` |
| `congr` | Theorems of the form `a R b → f a S f b`, where R and S are usually equivalence relations | `Std.HashMap.mem_congr` |
| `comm` | Theorems of the form `f a b = f b a` (compare `symm` above) | `Eq.comm`, `Nat.add_comm` |
| `assoc` | Theorems of the form `g (f a b) c = f a (g b c)` (note the order! In most cases, we have f = g) | `Nat.add_sub_assoc` |
| `distrib` | Theorems of the form `f (g a b) = g (f a) (f b)` | `Nat.add_left_distrib` |
| `self` | May be used if a variable appears multiple times in the conclusion | `List.mem_cons_self` |
| `inj` | Theorems of the form `f a = f b ↔ a = b`. | `Int.neg_inj`, `Nat.add_left_inj` |
| `cancel` | Theorems which have one of the forms `f a = f b → a = b` or `g (f a) = a`, where `f` and `g` usually involve a binary operator | `Nat.add_sub_cancel` |
| `cancel_iff` | Same as `inj`, but with different conventions for left and right (see below) | `Nat.add_right_cancel_iff` |
| `ext` | Theorems of the form `f a = f b → a = b`, where `f` usually involves some kind of projection | `List.ext_getElem`
| `mono` | Theorems of the form `a R b → f a R f b`, where `R` is a transitive relation | `List.countP_mono_left`

### Left and right

The keywords left and right are useful to disambiguate symmetric variants of theorems.

```lean
theorem imp_congr_left (h : a ↔ b) : (a → c) ↔ (b → c) := sorry
theorem imp_congr_right (h : a → (b ↔ c)) : (a → b) ↔ (a → c) := sorry
```

It is not always obvious which version of a theorem should be “left” and which should be “right”.
Heuristically, the theorem should name the side which is “more variable”, but there are exceptions. For some of the special keywords discussed in this section, there are conventions which should be followed, as laid out in the following examples:

```lean
theorem Nat.left_distrib (n m k : Nat) : n * (m + k) = n * m + n * k := sorry
theorem Nat.right_distrib (n m k : Nat) : (n + m) * k = n * k + m * k := sorry
theorem Nat.add_left_cancel {n m k : Nat} : n + m = n + k → m = k := sorry
theorem Nat.add_right_cancel {n m k : Nat} : n + m = k + m → n = k := sorry
theorem Nat.add_left_cancel_iff {m k n : Nat} : n + m = n + k ↔ m = k := sorry
theorem Nat.add_right_cancel_iff {m k n : Nat} : m + n = k + n ↔ m = k := sorry
theorem Nat.add_left_inj {m k n : Nat} : m + n = k + n ↔ m = k := sorry
theorem Nat.add_right_inj {m k n : Nat} : n + m = n + k ↔ m = k := sorry
```

Note in particular that the convention is opposite for `cancel_iff` and `inj`.

```lean
theorem Nat.add_sub_self_left (a b : Nat) : (a + b) - a = b := sorry
theorem Nat.add_sub_self_right (a b : Nat) : (a + b) - b = a := sorry
theorem Nat.add_sub_cancel (n m : Nat) : (n + m) - m = n := sorry
```

## Primed names

Avoid disambiguating variants of a concept by appending the `'` character (e.g., introducing both `BitVec.sshiftRight` and `BitVec.sshiftRight'`), as it is impossible to tell the difference without looking at the type signature, the documentation or even the code, and even if you know what the two variants are there is no way to tell which is which. Prefer descriptive pairs `BitVec.sshiftRightNat`/`BitVec.sshiftRight`.

## Acronyms

For acronyms which are three letters or shorter, all letters should use the same case as dictated by the convention. For example, `IO` is a correct name for a type and the name `IO.Ref` may become `IORef` when used as part of a definition name and `ioRef` when used as part of a theorem name.

For acronyms which are at least four letters long, switch to lower case starting from the second letter. For example, `Json` is a correct name for a type, as is `JsonRPC`.

If an acronym is typically spelled using mixed case, this mixed spelling may be used in identifiers (for example `Std.Net.IPv4Addr`).

## Simp sets

Simp sets centered around a conversion function should be called `source_to_target`. For example, a simp set for the `BitVec.toNat` function, which goes from `BitVec` to
`Nat`, should be called `bitvec_to_nat`.
